c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\TSV.dll.config
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\TSV.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\TSV.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BetterCms.Configuration.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BetterCms.Core.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BetterCms.Module.Blog.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BetterCms.Module.Installation.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BetterCms.Module.MediaManager.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BetterCms.Module.Pages.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BetterCms.Module.Root.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BlogML.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Common.Logging.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Common.Logging.NLog.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\FluentMigrator.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\FluentMigrator.Runner.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\MvcContrib.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\NHibernate.Logging.CommonLogging.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\NLog.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\NuGet.Core.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\RazorGenerator.Mvc.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Common.Logging.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\FluentMigrator.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\FluentMigrator.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\FluentMigrator.Runner.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\FluentNHibernate.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\NHibernate.Logging.CommonLogging.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\NLog.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\obj\Debug\TSV.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\obj\Debug\TSV.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\obj\Debug\TSV.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\TSV.dll.config
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\TSV.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\TSV.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BetterCms.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BetterCms.Core.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BetterCms.Module.Blog.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BetterCms.Module.Installation.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BetterCms.Module.MediaManager.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BetterCms.Module.Pages.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BetterCms.Module.Root.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BlogML.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Common.Logging.NLog.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\FluentMigrator.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\FluentMigrator.Runner.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\FluentNHibernate.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\MvcContrib.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\NHibernate.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\NHibernate.Logging.CommonLogging.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\NLog.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\NuGet.Core.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\RazorGenerator.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\FluentMigrator.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\FluentMigrator.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\FluentMigrator.Runner.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\FluentNHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\NHibernate.Logging.CommonLogging.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\NLog.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\obj\Debug\TSV.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\obj\Debug\TSV.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\obj\Debug\TSV.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BetterCms.Module.Api.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\BetterCms.Module.Api.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\ServiceStack.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\ServiceStack.ServiceInterface.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\ServiceStack.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\ServiceStack.Common.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TSV\TSV\bin\ServiceStack.Text.xml
